Husband
What a coincidence
Why are you here?
Didn't you say last time
the dress didn't fit?
I came here
to order a new one for you
But
how did you come out of the fitting room?
I happened to want to come here
so I ordered a few clothes
Took a few in to try on
So, did any fit?
None of them fit
Maybe it's because KILA
only designs women's clothing
It's not your fault
Husband
Are you hot?
Why are you sweating so much?
I'm not hot
Maybe the air conditioner is broken
Why are you...
Let me adjust the air conditioner
Even someone who fears the cold like you
feels hot
So how hot must the people
coming in after you feel?
Let me adjust it a bit
It will be a good deed
Aren't you leaving?
I'm going with Li Bei Qīng
to choose a gift for his sister